# MOLEGA: Modeling Language for Educational Card Games

This repo contains both the application software, and evaluation experiment for the MOLEGA project.

## application folder

This folder contains the developed application where users can create MOLEGA models. 

To reproduce our results, simply place this code on a server and visit the index.html page to use the editor. You can use the models provided in the `evaluation` dataset as examples or produce your own games. Due to the way some files are accessed, this application will not work locally, and must be accessed on a running server.

## evaluation folder

This folder contains our evaluation experiments. This includes:

 - an `inputModels` folder than contains all of the input models used to generate the games
 - a `modelImages` folder that contains exported images of the input models
 - an `actualZips` folder that contains the actual zip-file outputs generated by the MOLEGA environment
 - an `expected` folder that contains the expected outputs for each of the test cases (manually created)
 - a `diff.sh` script that automatically compares the actual and expected outputs for each test, reporting any differences.
 - a `Mapping.xlsx` file that maps test case names to their coded names

The test cases in the evaluation dataset use coded names. To identify which coded names match to which test cases from our paper, refer to the `Mapping.xlsx` file.

## contact

You can contact the authors at:
 - borrorkn [at] miamioh [dot] edu
 - rapose [at] miamioh [dot] edu
